I hoped that exercise went well.
Sorry again for
the confusion about the translation.
And but we have some really great,
amazing pedals that
have come through both in the chat and
in the classroom.
And so for us to go forward
with I wanted to use the one
that vijay, I hope I'm pronouncing
the name correctly, but vijay, sent along.
And it's this really cool
looking like flower or
like it looks kind of like a fire.
And I thought that just looks so cool.
So, we're going to go ahead and use that.
And I saw also that a picture had multiple
different pedals, which is really cool.
So in that case, what you can do
is you've gone above and beyond.
And what you can do is
I actually have this
workshop utility
functions notebook that's kind of like the
secret glue behind all of my notebooks.
And if you only just go here and
just click on that, or you can also
access it from this kind of like drop down
is called workshop utility functions.
Just go in there and
find the cell that's called pedal parts.
And then just paste in your
other pedals in here also.
For anyone that wants to drop in
a bunch of your own custom pads, and
I have up to four options and
that you can kinda just like pasting here.
And you'll see that propagating through
the rest of the notebooks, yeah, so
you can just put your petal passing here.
But for us, let's go forward with this and
firepath it's really cool looking, and
I think I'm just gonna really quickly
kind of decipher what's going on.
Let's walk through really
quickly what's going on with
this flower pedal in retrospect.
I don't know why I chose such a
complicated one to walk through but let's
try and walk through and
hopefully correct quickly together.
So I see a few different
set of commands going on.
So I'm just kind of putting them into
different rows so that it's easier for
me to see.
So many curves.
Good job Vj.
So let's see what's going on.
We have zero 085 I think
we're starting out here,
we have a line going to negative 20.
So that must be here.
Then we have a curve.
So this must be this curve.
And it ends at negative 3040.
So that looks right.
And then we have another line
that goes down coming here.
So I'm now looking at this negative 2060.
And then another curve.
This is a great looking curve cuz
now you have an anchor point.
So you start here.
And then you have an anchor
point going this direction and
the second anchor point going
down in this direction and
that's how you're getting kind of that,
little gentle sine wave.
And then I see, so you copy and paste it.
So then we went back down here and
then we did this
curve again on the other side so
you married it.
And actually just as a test let's
make sure that the fill works great.
Ooh, the fill looks great too.
Brilliant, this is so exciting.
We're going to keep moving forward in the
notebooks with this fire pedal, and in my
notebooks but hopefully in your notebooks
you'll be able to see your own pedal path.
Being rendered as flowers as we go along.
And as a kind of some SVG debugging,
and these are probably
the two most common bugs I ran
across when I first was starting.
And it's that if you don't see your
shape rendering on the screen,
the two reasons might be that, you didn't
set the width and height on your SVG.
So that defaults to 300 pixels wide and
100 pixels tall.
And and so you didn't set the width and
height explicitly.
And your shapes are being drawn
outside of that viewport and
that's why you don't see it.
That's the first Bug that I've come
across many times and been frustrated by.
And the second one is that for the shapes,
you didn't set your necessary attributes.
So that's your width and
height on your rectangles.
That's your radius on your circles.
And for the path,
it's your define attribute.
So those are the two
common ways that I see
bugs happening and then like confusion.
And so watch out for those and actually I
just thought of a third one, which is for
any paths or lines.
If your shape doesn't kind of like
automatically, making a shape that can be
filled and that won't show
up because by default paths,
and all shapes are filled black and
then stroke none.
And so if you only have a path or a line,
that won't show up either you have
to be able to close your path or something
like that to be able to see the fill.
So watch out for this.